#14.14
user-agent: *
allow: /
allow: /fr/sitemaps

# not allowed
disallow: /fr/
disallow: /it/
disallow: /mc/
disallow: /ad/
disallow: /do/
disallow: /ht/
disallow: /tt/
disallow: /km/
disallow: /vu/
disallow: /at/
disallow: /ng/
disallow: /au/
disallow: /st/
disallow: /sk/
disallow: /cz/
disallow: /nl/
disallow: /et/

#prevent dc season subtab
disallow: */h/*/saison-*/saison

#prevent /h/dl/
disallow: */h/dl/*

# v5-tab long-term prevent
## buy
disallow:/*/h/*/acheter
disallow:/pl/*/h/*/kup
## upcoming
disallow:/*/h/*/a-venir
disallow:/pl/*/h/*/najblizszy
## explorer
disallow:/*/h/*/explorer

# canal+ series
disallow: /*_50254

# i18n article tmp prevent
disallow: /bf/articles
disallow: /bi/articles
disallow: /bj/articles
disallow: /bl/articles
disallow: /cd/articles
disallow: /cf/articles
disallow: /cg/articles
disallow: /ch/articles
disallow: /ci/articles
disallow: /cm/articles
disallow: /cv/articles
disallow: /dj/articles
disallow: /ga/articles
disallow: /gf/articles
disallow: /gh/articles
disallow: /gm/articles
disallow: /gn/articles
disallow: /gp/articles
disallow: /gq/articles
disallow: /gw/articles
disallow: /mf/articles
disallow: /mg/articles
disallow: /ml/articles
disallow: /mq/articles
disallow: /mr/articles
disallow: /mu/articles
disallow: /nc/articles
disallow: /ne/articles
disallow: /pf/articles
disallow: /pl/articles
disallow: /re/articles
disallow: /rw/articles
disallow: /sl/articles
disallow: /sn/articles
disallow: /td/articles
disallow: /tg/articles
disallow: /wf/articles
disallow: /yt/articles

# osoba prevent
disallow: /bf/osoba
disallow: /bi/osoba
disallow: /bj/osoba
disallow: /bl/osoba
disallow: /cd/osoba
disallow: /cf/osoba
disallow: /cg/osoba
disallow: /ch/osoba
disallow: /ci/osoba
disallow: /cm/osoba
disallow: /cv/osoba
disallow: /dj/osoba
disallow: /ga/osoba
disallow: /gf/osoba
disallow: /gh/osoba
disallow: /gm/osoba
disallow: /gn/osoba
disallow: /gp/osoba
disallow: /gq/osoba
disallow: /gw/osoba
disallow: /mf/osoba
disallow: /mg/osoba
disallow: /ml/osoba
disallow: /mq/osoba
disallow: /mr/osoba
disallow: /mu/osoba
disallow: /nc/osoba
disallow: /ne/osoba
disallow: /pf/osoba
disallow: /re/osoba
disallow: /rw/osoba
disallow: /sl/osoba
disallow: /sn/osoba
disallow: /td/osoba
disallow: /tg/osoba
disallow: /wf/osoba
disallow: /yt/osoba

#i18n prevent
disallow: /bf/ad/
disallow: /bf/at/
disallow: /bf/bj/
disallow: /bf/bf/
disallow: /bf/bi/
disallow: /bf/cm/
disallow: /bf/cv/
disallow: /bf/km/
disallow: /bf/cd/
disallow: /bf/cg/
disallow: /bf/ci/
disallow: /bf/dj/
disallow: /bf/et/
disallow: /bf/fr/
disallow: /bf/ga/
disallow: /bf/gm/
disallow: /bf/gh/
disallow: /bf/gn/
disallow: /bf/gp/
disallow: /bf/gw/
disallow: /bf/gq/
disallow: /bf/gf/
disallow: /bf/ht/
disallow: /bf/it/
disallow: /bf/mg/
disallow: /bf/ml/
disallow: /bf/mq/
disallow: /bf/mu/
disallow: /bf/mr/
disallow: /bf/yt/
disallow: /bf/mc/
disallow: /bf/nl/
disallow: /bf/ne/
disallow: /bf/ng/
disallow: /bf/nc/
disallow: /bf/pl/
disallow: /bf/pf/
disallow: /bf/cf/
disallow: /bf/do/
disallow: /bf/cz/
disallow: /bf/re/
disallow: /bf/rw/
disallow: /bf/bl/
disallow: /bf/mf/
disallow: /bf/sn/
disallow: /bf/sl/
disallow: /bf/sk/
disallow: /bf/ch/
disallow: /bf/td/
disallow: /bf/tg/
disallow: /bf/tt/
disallow: /bf/vu/
disallow: /bf/wf/
disallow: /bi/ad/
disallow: /bi/at/
disallow: /bi/bj/
disallow: /bi/bf/
disallow: /bi/bi/
disallow: /bi/cm/
disallow: /bi/cv/
disallow: /bi/km/
disallow: /bi/cd/
disallow: /bi/cg/
disallow: /bi/ci/
disallow: /bi/dj/
disallow: /bi/et/
disallow: /bi/fr/
disallow: /bi/ga/
disallow: /bi/gm/
disallow: /bi/gh/
disallow: /bi/gn/
disallow: /bi/gp/
disallow: /bi/gw/
disallow: /bi/gq/
disallow: /bi/gf/
disallow: /bi/ht/
disallow: /bi/it/
disallow: /bi/mg/
disallow: /bi/ml/
disallow: /bi/mq/
disallow: /bi/mu/
disallow: /bi/mr/
disallow: /bi/yt/
disallow: /bi/mc/
disallow: /bi/nl/
disallow: /bi/ne/
disallow: /bi/ng/
disallow: /bi/nc/
disallow: /bi/pl/
disallow: /bi/pf/
disallow: /bi/cf/
disallow: /bi/do/
disallow: /bi/cz/
disallow: /bi/re/
disallow: /bi/rw/
disallow: /bi/bl/
disallow: /bi/mf/
disallow: /bi/sn/
disallow: /bi/sl/
disallow: /bi/sk/
disallow: /bi/ch/
disallow: /bi/td/
disallow: /bi/tg/
disallow: /bi/tt/
disallow: /bi/vu/
disallow: /bi/wf/
disallow: /bj/ad/
disallow: /bj/at/
disallow: /bj/bj/
disallow: /bj/bf/
disallow: /bj/bi/
disallow: /bj/cm/
disallow: /bj/cv/
disallow: /bj/km/
disallow: /bj/cd/
disallow: /bj/cg/
disallow: /bj/ci/
disallow: /bj/dj/
disallow: /bj/et/
disallow: /bj/fr/
disallow: /bj/ga/
disallow: /bj/gm/
disallow: /bj/gh/
disallow: /bj/gn/
disallow: /bj/gp/
disallow: /bj/gw/
disallow: /bj/gq/
disallow: /bj/gf/
disallow: /bj/ht/
disallow: /bj/it/
disallow: /bj/mg/
disallow: /bj/ml/
disallow: /bj/mq/
disallow: /bj/mu/
disallow: /bj/mr/
disallow: /bj/yt/
disallow: /bj/mc/
disallow: /bj/nl/
disallow: /bj/ne/
disallow: /bj/ng/
disallow: /bj/nc/
disallow: /bj/pl/
disallow: /bj/pf/
disallow: /bj/cf/
disallow: /bj/do/
disallow: /bj/cz/
disallow: /bj/re/
disallow: /bj/rw/
disallow: /bj/bl/
disallow: /bj/mf/
disallow: /bj/sn/
disallow: /bj/sl/
disallow: /bj/sk/
disallow: /bj/ch/
disallow: /bj/td/
disallow: /bj/tg/
disallow: /bj/tt/
disallow: /bj/vu/
disallow: /bj/wf/
disallow: /bl/ad/
disallow: /bl/at/
disallow: /bl/bj/
disallow: /bl/bf/
disallow: /bl/bi/
disallow: /bl/cm/
disallow: /bl/cv/
disallow: /bl/km/
disallow: /bl/cd/
disallow: /bl/cg/
disallow: /bl/ci/
disallow: /bl/dj/
disallow: /bl/et/
disallow: /bl/fr/
disallow: /bl/ga/
disallow: /bl/gm/
disallow: /bl/gh/
disallow: /bl/gn/
disallow: /bl/gp/
disallow: /bl/gw/
disallow: /bl/gq/
disallow: /bl/gf/
disallow: /bl/ht/
disallow: /bl/it/
disallow: /bl/mg/
disallow: /bl/ml/
disallow: /bl/mq/
disallow: /bl/mu/
disallow: /bl/mr/
disallow: /bl/yt/
disallow: /bl/mc/
disallow: /bl/nl/
disallow: /bl/ne/
disallow: /bl/ng/
disallow: /bl/nc/
disallow: /bl/pl/
disallow: /bl/pf/
disallow: /bl/cf/
disallow: /bl/do/
disallow: /bl/cz/
disallow: /bl/re/
disallow: /bl/rw/
disallow: /bl/bl/
disallow: /bl/mf/
disallow: /bl/sn/
disallow: /bl/sl/
disallow: /bl/sk/
disallow: /bl/ch/
disallow: /bl/td/
disallow: /bl/tg/
disallow: /bl/tt/
disallow: /bl/vu/
disallow: /bl/wf/
disallow: /cd/ad/
disallow: /cd/at/
disallow: /cd/bj/
disallow: /cd/bf/
disallow: /cd/bi/
disallow: /cd/cm/
disallow: /cd/cv/
disallow: /cd/km/
disallow: /cd/cd/
disallow: /cd/cg/
disallow: /cd/ci/
disallow: /cd/dj/
disallow: /cd/et/
disallow: /cd/fr/
disallow: /cd/ga/
disallow: /cd/gm/
disallow: /cd/gh/
disallow: /cd/gn/
disallow: /cd/gp/
disallow: /cd/gw/
disallow: /cd/gq/
disallow: /cd/gf/
disallow: /cd/ht/
disallow: /cd/it/
disallow: /cd/mg/
disallow: /cd/ml/
disallow: /cd/mq/
disallow: /cd/mu/
disallow: /cd/mr/
disallow: /cd/yt/
disallow: /cd/mc/
disallow: /cd/nl/
disallow: /cd/ne/
disallow: /cd/ng/
disallow: /cd/nc/
disallow: /cd/pl/
disallow: /cd/pf/
disallow: /cd/cf/
disallow: /cd/do/
disallow: /cd/cz/
disallow: /cd/re/
disallow: /cd/rw/
disallow: /cd/bl/
disallow: /cd/mf/
disallow: /cd/sn/
disallow: /cd/sl/
disallow: /cd/sk/
disallow: /cd/ch/
disallow: /cd/td/
disallow: /cd/tg/
disallow: /cd/tt/
disallow: /cd/vu/
disallow: /cd/wf/
disallow: /cf/ad/
disallow: /cf/at/
disallow: /cf/bj/
disallow: /cf/bf/
disallow: /cf/bi/
disallow: /cf/cm/
disallow: /cf/cv/
disallow: /cf/km/
disallow: /cf/cd/
disallow: /cf/cg/
disallow: /cf/ci/
disallow: /cf/dj/
disallow: /cf/et/
disallow: /cf/fr/
disallow: /cf/ga/
disallow: /cf/gm/
disallow: /cf/gh/
disallow: /cf/gn/
disallow: /cf/gp/
disallow: /cf/gw/
disallow: /cf/gq/
disallow: /cf/gf/
disallow: /cf/ht/
disallow: /cf/it/
disallow: /cf/mg/
disallow: /cf/ml/
disallow: /cf/mq/
disallow: /cf/mu/
disallow: /cf/mr/
disallow: /cf/yt/
disallow: /cf/mc/
disallow: /cf/nl/
disallow: /cf/ne/
disallow: /cf/ng/
disallow: /cf/nc/
disallow: /cf/pl/
disallow: /cf/pf/
disallow: /cf/cf/
disallow: /cf/do/
disallow: /cf/cz/
disallow: /cf/re/
disallow: /cf/rw/
disallow: /cf/bl/
disallow: /cf/mf/
disallow: /cf/sn/
disallow: /cf/sl/
disallow: /cf/sk/
disallow: /cf/ch/
disallow: /cf/td/
disallow: /cf/tg/
disallow: /cf/tt/
disallow: /cf/vu/
disallow: /cf/wf/
disallow: /cg/ad/
disallow: /cg/at/
disallow: /cg/bj/
disallow: /cg/bf/
disallow: /cg/bi/
disallow: /cg/cm/
disallow: /cg/cv/
disallow: /cg/km/
disallow: /cg/cd/
disallow: /cg/cg/
disallow: /cg/ci/
disallow: /cg/dj/
disallow: /cg/et/
disallow: /cg/fr/
disallow: /cg/ga/
disallow: /cg/gm/
disallow: /cg/gh/
disallow: /cg/gn/
disallow: /cg/gp/
disallow: /cg/gw/
disallow: /cg/gq/
disallow: /cg/gf/
disallow: /cg/ht/
disallow: /cg/it/
disallow: /cg/mg/
disallow: /cg/ml/
disallow: /cg/mq/
disallow: /cg/mu/
disallow: /cg/mr/
disallow: /cg/yt/
disallow: /cg/mc/
disallow: /cg/nl/
disallow: /cg/ne/
disallow: /cg/ng/
disallow: /cg/nc/
disallow: /cg/pl/
disallow: /cg/pf/
disallow: /cg/cf/
disallow: /cg/do/
disallow: /cg/cz/
disallow: /cg/re/
disallow: /cg/rw/
disallow: /cg/bl/
disallow: /cg/mf/
disallow: /cg/sn/
disallow: /cg/sl/
disallow: /cg/sk/
disallow: /cg/ch/
disallow: /cg/td/
disallow: /cg/tg/
disallow: /cg/tt/
disallow: /cg/vu/
disallow: /cg/wf/
disallow: /ch/ad/
disallow: /ch/at/
disallow: /ch/bj/
disallow: /ch/bf/
disallow: /ch/bi/
disallow: /ch/cm/
disallow: /ch/cv/
disallow: /ch/km/
disallow: /ch/cd/
disallow: /ch/cg/
disallow: /ch/ci/
disallow: /ch/dj/
disallow: /ch/et/
disallow: /ch/fr/
disallow: /ch/ga/
disallow: /ch/gm/
disallow: /ch/gh/
disallow: /ch/gn/
disallow: /ch/gp/
disallow: /ch/gw/
disallow: /ch/gq/
disallow: /ch/gf/
disallow: /ch/ht/
disallow: /ch/it/
disallow: /ch/mg/
disallow: /ch/ml/
disallow: /ch/mq/
disallow: /ch/mu/
disallow: /ch/mr/
disallow: /ch/yt/
disallow: /ch/mc/
disallow: /ch/nl/
disallow: /ch/ne/
disallow: /ch/ng/
disallow: /ch/nc/
disallow: /ch/pl/
disallow: /ch/pf/
disallow: /ch/cf/
disallow: /ch/do/
disallow: /ch/cz/
disallow: /ch/re/
disallow: /ch/rw/
disallow: /ch/bl/
disallow: /ch/mf/
disallow: /ch/sn/
disallow: /ch/sl/
disallow: /ch/sk/
disallow: /ch/ch/
disallow: /ch/td/
disallow: /ch/tg/
disallow: /ch/tt/
disallow: /ch/vu/
disallow: /ch/wf/
disallow: /ci/ad/
disallow: /ci/at/
disallow: /ci/bj/
disallow: /ci/bf/
disallow: /ci/bi/
disallow: /ci/cm/
disallow: /ci/cv/
disallow: /ci/km/
disallow: /ci/cd/
disallow: /ci/cg/
disallow: /ci/ci/
disallow: /ci/dj/
disallow: /ci/et/
disallow: /ci/fr/
disallow: /ci/ga/
disallow: /ci/gm/
disallow: /ci/gh/
disallow: /ci/gn/
disallow: /ci/gp/
disallow: /ci/gw/
disallow: /ci/gq/
disallow: /ci/gf/
disallow: /ci/ht/
disallow: /ci/it/
disallow: /ci/mg/
disallow: /ci/ml/
disallow: /ci/mq/
disallow: /ci/mu/
disallow: /ci/mr/
disallow: /ci/yt/
disallow: /ci/mc/
disallow: /ci/nl/
disallow: /ci/ne/
disallow: /ci/ng/
disallow: /ci/nc/
disallow: /ci/pl/
disallow: /ci/pf/
disallow: /ci/cf/
disallow: /ci/do/
disallow: /ci/cz/
disallow: /ci/re/
disallow: /ci/rw/
disallow: /ci/bl/
disallow: /ci/mf/
disallow: /ci/sn/
disallow: /ci/sl/
disallow: /ci/sk/
disallow: /ci/ch/
disallow: /ci/td/
disallow: /ci/tg/
disallow: /ci/tt/
disallow: /ci/vu/
disallow: /ci/wf/
disallow: /cm/ad/
disallow: /cm/at/
disallow: /cm/bj/
disallow: /cm/bf/
disallow: /cm/bi/
disallow: /cm/cm/
disallow: /cm/cv/
disallow: /cm/km/
disallow: /cm/cd/
disallow: /cm/cg/
disallow: /cm/ci/
disallow: /cm/dj/
disallow: /cm/et/
disallow: /cm/fr/
disallow: /cm/ga/
disallow: /cm/gm/
disallow: /cm/gh/
disallow: /cm/gn/
disallow: /cm/gp/
disallow: /cm/gw/
disallow: /cm/gq/
disallow: /cm/gf/
disallow: /cm/ht/
disallow: /cm/it/
disallow: /cm/mg/
disallow: /cm/ml/
disallow: /cm/mq/
disallow: /cm/mu/
disallow: /cm/mr/
disallow: /cm/yt/
disallow: /cm/mc/
disallow: /cm/nl/
disallow: /cm/ne/
disallow: /cm/ng/
disallow: /cm/nc/
disallow: /cm/pl/
disallow: /cm/pf/
disallow: /cm/cf/
disallow: /cm/do/
disallow: /cm/cz/
disallow: /cm/re/
disallow: /cm/rw/
disallow: /cm/bl/
disallow: /cm/mf/
disallow: /cm/sn/
disallow: /cm/sl/
disallow: /cm/sk/
disallow: /cm/ch/
disallow: /cm/td/
disallow: /cm/tg/
disallow: /cm/tt/
disallow: /cm/vu/
disallow: /cm/wf/
disallow: /cv/ad/
disallow: /cv/at/
disallow: /cv/bj/
disallow: /cv/bf/
disallow: /cv/bi/
disallow: /cv/cm/
disallow: /cv/cv/
disallow: /cv/km/
disallow: /cv/cd/
disallow: /cv/cg/
disallow: /cv/ci/
disallow: /cv/dj/
disallow: /cv/et/
disallow: /cv/fr/
disallow: /cv/ga/
disallow: /cv/gm/
disallow: /cv/gh/
disallow: /cv/gn/
disallow: /cv/gp/
disallow: /cv/gw/
disallow: /cv/gq/
disallow: /cv/gf/
disallow: /cv/ht/
disallow: /cv/it/
disallow: /cv/mg/
disallow: /cv/ml/
disallow: /cv/mq/
disallow: /cv/mu/
disallow: /cv/mr/
disallow: /cv/yt/
disallow: /cv/mc/
disallow: /cv/nl/
disallow: /cv/ne/
disallow: /cv/ng/
disallow: /cv/nc/
disallow: /cv/pl/
disallow: /cv/pf/
disallow: /cv/cf/
disallow: /cv/do/
disallow: /cv/cz/
disallow: /cv/re/
disallow: /cv/rw/
disallow: /cv/bl/
disallow: /cv/mf/
disallow: /cv/sn/
disallow: /cv/sl/
disallow: /cv/sk/
disallow: /cv/ch/
disallow: /cv/td/
disallow: /cv/tg/
disallow: /cv/tt/
disallow: /cv/vu/
disallow: /cv/wf/
disallow: /dj/ad/
disallow: /dj/at/
disallow: /dj/bj/
disallow: /dj/bf/
disallow: /dj/bi/
disallow: /dj/cm/
disallow: /dj/cv/
disallow: /dj/km/
disallow: /dj/cd/
disallow: /dj/cg/
disallow: /dj/ci/
disallow: /dj/dj/
disallow: /dj/et/
disallow: /dj/fr/
disallow: /dj/ga/
disallow: /dj/gm/
disallow: /dj/gh/
disallow: /dj/gn/
disallow: /dj/gp/
disallow: /dj/gw/
disallow: /dj/gq/
disallow: /dj/gf/
disallow: /dj/ht/
disallow: /dj/it/
disallow: /dj/mg/
disallow: /dj/ml/
disallow: /dj/mq/
disallow: /dj/mu/
disallow: /dj/mr/
disallow: /dj/yt/
disallow: /dj/mc/
disallow: /dj/nl/
disallow: /dj/ne/
disallow: /dj/ng/
disallow: /dj/nc/
disallow: /dj/pl/
disallow: /dj/pf/
disallow: /dj/cf/
disallow: /dj/do/
disallow: /dj/cz/
disallow: /dj/re/
disallow: /dj/rw/
disallow: /dj/bl/
disallow: /dj/mf/
disallow: /dj/sn/
disallow: /dj/sl/
disallow: /dj/sk/
disallow: /dj/ch/
disallow: /dj/td/
disallow: /dj/tg/
disallow: /dj/tt/
disallow: /dj/vu/
disallow: /dj/wf/
disallow: /ga/ad/
disallow: /ga/at/
disallow: /ga/bj/
disallow: /ga/bf/
disallow: /ga/bi/
disallow: /ga/cm/
disallow: /ga/cv/
disallow: /ga/km/
disallow: /ga/cd/
disallow: /ga/cg/
disallow: /ga/ci/
disallow: /ga/dj/
disallow: /ga/et/
disallow: /ga/fr/
disallow: /ga/ga/
disallow: /ga/gm/
disallow: /ga/gh/
disallow: /ga/gn/
disallow: /ga/gp/
disallow: /ga/gw/
disallow: /ga/gq/
disallow: /ga/gf/
disallow: /ga/ht/
disallow: /ga/it/
disallow: /ga/mg/
disallow: /ga/ml/
disallow: /ga/mq/
disallow: /ga/mu/
disallow: /ga/mr/
disallow: /ga/yt/
disallow: /ga/mc/
disallow: /ga/nl/
disallow: /ga/ne/
disallow: /ga/ng/
disallow: /ga/nc/
disallow: /ga/pl/
disallow: /ga/pf/
disallow: /ga/cf/
disallow: /ga/do/
disallow: /ga/cz/
disallow: /ga/re/
disallow: /ga/rw/
disallow: /ga/bl/
disallow: /ga/mf/
disallow: /ga/sn/
disallow: /ga/sl/
disallow: /ga/sk/
disallow: /ga/ch/
disallow: /ga/td/
disallow: /ga/tg/
disallow: /ga/tt/
disallow: /ga/vu/
disallow: /ga/wf/
disallow: /gf/ad/
disallow: /gf/at/
disallow: /gf/bj/
disallow: /gf/bf/
disallow: /gf/bi/
disallow: /gf/cm/
disallow: /gf/cv/
disallow: /gf/km/
disallow: /gf/cd/
disallow: /gf/cg/
disallow: /gf/ci/
disallow: /gf/dj/
disallow: /gf/et/
disallow: /gf/fr/
disallow: /gf/ga/
disallow: /gf/gm/
disallow: /gf/gh/
disallow: /gf/gn/
disallow: /gf/gp/
disallow: /gf/gw/
disallow: /gf/gq/
disallow: /gf/gf/
disallow: /gf/ht/
disallow: /gf/it/
disallow: /gf/mg/
disallow: /gf/ml/
disallow: /gf/mq/
disallow: /gf/mu/
disallow: /gf/mr/
disallow: /gf/yt/
disallow: /gf/mc/
disallow: /gf/nl/
disallow: /gf/ne/
disallow: /gf/ng/
disallow: /gf/nc/
disallow: /gf/pl/
disallow: /gf/pf/
disallow: /gf/cf/
disallow: /gf/do/
disallow: /gf/cz/
disallow: /gf/re/
disallow: /gf/rw/
disallow: /gf/bl/
disallow: /gf/mf/
disallow: /gf/sn/
disallow: /gf/sl/
disallow: /gf/sk/
disallow: /gf/ch/
disallow: /gf/td/
disallow: /gf/tg/
disallow: /gf/tt/
disallow: /gf/vu/
disallow: /gf/wf/
disallow: /gh/ad/
disallow: /gh/at/
disallow: /gh/bj/
disallow: /gh/bf/
disallow: /gh/bi/
disallow: /gh/cm/
disallow: /gh/cv/
disallow: /gh/km/
disallow: /gh/cd/
disallow: /gh/cg/
disallow: /gh/ci/
disallow: /gh/dj/
disallow: /gh/et/
disallow: /gh/fr/
disallow: /gh/ga/
disallow: /gh/gm/
disallow: /gh/gh/
disallow: /gh/gn/
disallow: /gh/gp/
disallow: /gh/gw/
disallow: /gh/gq/
disallow: /gh/gf/
disallow: /gh/ht/
disallow: /gh/it/
disallow: /gh/mg/
disallow: /gh/ml/
disallow: /gh/mq/
disallow: /gh/mu/
disallow: /gh/mr/
disallow: /gh/yt/
disallow: /gh/mc/
disallow: /gh/nl/
disallow: /gh/ne/
disallow: /gh/ng/
disallow: /gh/nc/
disallow: /gh/pl/
disallow: /gh/pf/
disallow: /gh/cf/
disallow: /gh/do/
disallow: /gh/cz/
disallow: /gh/re/
disallow: /gh/rw/
disallow: /gh/bl/
disallow: /gh/mf/
disallow: /gh/sn/
disallow: /gh/sl/
disallow: /gh/sk/
disallow: /gh/ch/
disallow: /gh/td/
disallow: /gh/tg/
disallow: /gh/tt/
disallow: /gh/vu/
disallow: /gh/wf/
disallow: /gm/ad/
disallow: /gm/at/
disallow: /gm/bj/
disallow: /gm/bf/
disallow: /gm/bi/
disallow: /gm/cm/
disallow: /gm/cv/
disallow: /gm/km/
disallow: /gm/cd/
disallow: /gm/cg/
disallow: /gm/ci/
disallow: /gm/dj/
disallow: /gm/et/
disallow: /gm/fr/
disallow: /gm/ga/
disallow: /gm/gm/
disallow: /gm/gh/
disallow: /gm/gn/
disallow: /gm/gp/
disallow: /gm/gw/
disallow: /gm/gq/
disallow: /gm/gf/
disallow: /gm/ht/
disallow: /gm/it/
disallow: /gm/mg/
disallow: /gm/ml/
disallow: /gm/mq/
disallow: /gm/mu/
disallow: /gm/mr/
disallow: /gm/yt/
disallow: /gm/mc/
disallow: /gm/nl/
disallow: /gm/ne/
disallow: /gm/ng/
disallow: /gm/nc/
disallow: /gm/pl/
disallow: /gm/pf/
disallow: /gm/cf/
disallow: /gm/do/
disallow: /gm/cz/
disallow: /gm/re/
disallow: /gm/rw/
disallow: /gm/bl/
disallow: /gm/mf/
disallow: /gm/sn/
disallow: /gm/sl/
disallow: /gm/sk/
disallow: /gm/ch/
disallow: /gm/td/
disallow: /gm/tg/
disallow: /gm/tt/
disallow: /gm/vu/
disallow: /gm/wf/
disallow: /gn/ad/
disallow: /gn/at/
disallow: /gn/bj/
disallow: /gn/bf/
disallow: /gn/bi/
disallow: /gn/cm/
disallow: /gn/cv/
disallow: /gn/km/
disallow: /gn/cd/
disallow: /gn/cg/
disallow: /gn/ci/
disallow: /gn/dj/
disallow: /gn/et/
disallow: /gn/fr/
disallow: /gn/ga/
disallow: /gn/gm/
disallow: /gn/gh/
disallow: /gn/gn/
disallow: /gn/gp/
disallow: /gn/gw/
disallow: /gn/gq/
disallow: /gn/gf/
disallow: /gn/ht/
disallow: /gn/it/
disallow: /gn/mg/
disallow: /gn/ml/
disallow: /gn/mq/
disallow: /gn/mu/
disallow: /gn/mr/
disallow: /gn/yt/
disallow: /gn/mc/
disallow: /gn/nl/
disallow: /gn/ne/
disallow: /gn/ng/
disallow: /gn/nc/
disallow: /gn/pl/
disallow: /gn/pf/
disallow: /gn/cf/
disallow: /gn/do/
disallow: /gn/cz/
disallow: /gn/re/
disallow: /gn/rw/
disallow: /gn/bl/
disallow: /gn/mf/
disallow: /gn/sn/
disallow: /gn/sl/
disallow: /gn/sk/
disallow: /gn/ch/
disallow: /gn/td/
disallow: /gn/tg/
disallow: /gn/tt/
disallow: /gn/vu/
disallow: /gn/wf/
disallow: /gp/ad/
disallow: /gp/at/
disallow: /gp/bj/
disallow: /gp/bf/
disallow: /gp/bi/
disallow: /gp/cm/
disallow: /gp/cv/
disallow: /gp/km/
disallow: /gp/cd/
disallow: /gp/cg/
disallow: /gp/ci/
disallow: /gp/dj/
disallow: /gp/et/
disallow: /gp/fr/
disallow: /gp/ga/
disallow: /gp/gm/
disallow: /gp/gh/
disallow: /gp/gn/
disallow: /gp/gp/
disallow: /gp/gw/
disallow: /gp/gq/
disallow: /gp/gf/
disallow: /gp/ht/
disallow: /gp/it/
disallow: /gp/mg/
disallow: /gp/ml/
disallow: /gp/mq/
disallow: /gp/mu/
disallow: /gp/mr/
disallow: /gp/yt/
disallow: /gp/mc/
disallow: /gp/nl/
disallow: /gp/ne/
disallow: /gp/ng/
disallow: /gp/nc/
disallow: /gp/pl/
disallow: /gp/pf/
disallow: /gp/cf/
disallow: /gp/do/
disallow: /gp/cz/
disallow: /gp/re/
disallow: /gp/rw/
disallow: /gp/bl/
disallow: /gp/mf/
disallow: /gp/sn/
disallow: /gp/sl/
disallow: /gp/sk/
disallow: /gp/ch/
disallow: /gp/td/
disallow: /gp/tg/
disallow: /gp/tt/
disallow: /gp/vu/
disallow: /gp/wf/
disallow: /gq/ad/
disallow: /gq/at/
disallow: /gq/bj/
disallow: /gq/bf/
disallow: /gq/bi/
disallow: /gq/cm/
disallow: /gq/cv/
disallow: /gq/km/
disallow: /gq/cd/
disallow: /gq/cg/
disallow: /gq/ci/
disallow: /gq/dj/
disallow: /gq/et/
disallow: /gq/fr/
disallow: /gq/ga/
disallow: /gq/gm/
disallow: /gq/gh/
disallow: /gq/gn/
disallow: /gq/gp/
disallow: /gq/gw/
disallow: /gq/gq/
disallow: /gq/gf/
disallow: /gq/ht/
disallow: /gq/it/
disallow: /gq/mg/
disallow: /gq/ml/
disallow: /gq/mq/
disallow: /gq/mu/
disallow: /gq/mr/
disallow: /gq/yt/
disallow: /gq/mc/
disallow: /gq/nl/
disallow: /gq/ne/
disallow: /gq/ng/
disallow: /gq/nc/
disallow: /gq/pl/
disallow: /gq/pf/
disallow: /gq/cf/
disallow: /gq/do/
disallow: /gq/cz/
disallow: /gq/re/
disallow: /gq/rw/
disallow: /gq/bl/
disallow: /gq/mf/
disallow: /gq/sn/
disallow: /gq/sl/
disallow: /gq/sk/
disallow: /gq/ch/
disallow: /gq/td/
disallow: /gq/tg/
disallow: /gq/tt/
disallow: /gq/vu/
disallow: /gq/wf/
disallow: /gw/ad/
disallow: /gw/at/
disallow: /gw/bj/
disallow: /gw/bf/
disallow: /gw/bi/
disallow: /gw/cm/
disallow: /gw/cv/
disallow: /gw/km/
disallow: /gw/cd/
disallow: /gw/cg/
disallow: /gw/ci/
disallow: /gw/dj/
disallow: /gw/et/
disallow: /gw/fr/
disallow: /gw/ga/
disallow: /gw/gm/
disallow: /gw/gh/
disallow: /gw/gn/
disallow: /gw/gp/
disallow: /gw/gw/
disallow: /gw/gq/
disallow: /gw/gf/
disallow: /gw/ht/
disallow: /gw/it/
disallow: /gw/mg/
disallow: /gw/ml/
disallow: /gw/mq/
disallow: /gw/mu/
disallow: /gw/mr/
disallow: /gw/yt/
disallow: /gw/mc/
disallow: /gw/nl/
disallow: /gw/ne/
disallow: /gw/ng/
disallow: /gw/nc/
disallow: /gw/pl/
disallow: /gw/pf/
disallow: /gw/cf/
disallow: /gw/do/
disallow: /gw/cz/
disallow: /gw/re/
disallow: /gw/rw/
disallow: /gw/bl/
disallow: /gw/mf/
disallow: /gw/sn/
disallow: /gw/sl/
disallow: /gw/sk/
disallow: /gw/ch/
disallow: /gw/td/
disallow: /gw/tg/
disallow: /gw/tt/
disallow: /gw/vu/
disallow: /gw/wf/
disallow: /mf/ad/
disallow: /mf/at/
disallow: /mf/bj/
disallow: /mf/bf/
disallow: /mf/bi/
disallow: /mf/cm/
disallow: /mf/cv/
disallow: /mf/km/
disallow: /mf/cd/
disallow: /mf/cg/
disallow: /mf/ci/
disallow: /mf/dj/
disallow: /mf/et/
disallow: /mf/fr/
disallow: /mf/ga/
disallow: /mf/gm/
disallow: /mf/gh/
disallow: /mf/gn/
disallow: /mf/gp/
disallow: /mf/gw/
disallow: /mf/gq/
disallow: /mf/gf/
disallow: /mf/ht/
disallow: /mf/it/
disallow: /mf/mg/
disallow: /mf/ml/
disallow: /mf/mq/
disallow: /mf/mu/
disallow: /mf/mr/
disallow: /mf/yt/
disallow: /mf/mc/
disallow: /mf/nl/
disallow: /mf/ne/
disallow: /mf/ng/
disallow: /mf/nc/
disallow: /mf/pl/
disallow: /mf/pf/
disallow: /mf/cf/
disallow: /mf/do/
disallow: /mf/cz/
disallow: /mf/re/
disallow: /mf/rw/
disallow: /mf/bl/
disallow: /mf/mf/
disallow: /mf/sn/
disallow: /mf/sl/
disallow: /mf/sk/
disallow: /mf/ch/
disallow: /mf/td/
disallow: /mf/tg/
disallow: /mf/tt/
disallow: /mf/vu/
disallow: /mf/wf/
disallow: /mg/ad/
disallow: /mg/at/
disallow: /mg/bj/
disallow: /mg/bf/
disallow: /mg/bi/
disallow: /mg/cm/
disallow: /mg/cv/
disallow: /mg/km/
disallow: /mg/cd/
disallow: /mg/cg/
disallow: /mg/ci/
disallow: /mg/dj/
disallow: /mg/et/
disallow: /mg/fr/
disallow: /mg/ga/
disallow: /mg/gm/
disallow: /mg/gh/
disallow: /mg/gn/
disallow: /mg/gp/
disallow: /mg/gw/
disallow: /mg/gq/
disallow: /mg/gf/
disallow: /mg/ht/
disallow: /mg/it/
disallow: /mg/mg/
disallow: /mg/ml/
disallow: /mg/mq/
disallow: /mg/mu/
disallow: /mg/mr/
disallow: /mg/yt/
disallow: /mg/mc/
disallow: /mg/nl/
disallow: /mg/ne/
disallow: /mg/ng/
disallow: /mg/nc/
disallow: /mg/pl/
disallow: /mg/pf/
disallow: /mg/cf/
disallow: /mg/do/
disallow: /mg/cz/
disallow: /mg/re/
disallow: /mg/rw/
disallow: /mg/bl/
disallow: /mg/mf/
disallow: /mg/sn/
disallow: /mg/sl/
disallow: /mg/sk/
disallow: /mg/ch/
disallow: /mg/td/
disallow: /mg/tg/
disallow: /mg/tt/
disallow: /mg/vu/
disallow: /mg/wf/
disallow: /ml/ad/
disallow: /ml/at/
disallow: /ml/bj/
disallow: /ml/bf/
disallow: /ml/bi/
disallow: /ml/cm/
disallow: /ml/cv/
disallow: /ml/km/
disallow: /ml/cd/
disallow: /ml/cg/
disallow: /ml/ci/
disallow: /ml/dj/
disallow: /ml/et/
disallow: /ml/fr/
disallow: /ml/ga/
disallow: /ml/gm/
disallow: /ml/gh/
disallow: /ml/gn/
disallow: /ml/gp/
disallow: /ml/gw/
disallow: /ml/gq/
disallow: /ml/gf/
disallow: /ml/ht/
disallow: /ml/it/
disallow: /ml/mg/
disallow: /ml/ml/
disallow: /ml/mq/
disallow: /ml/mu/
disallow: /ml/mr/
disallow: /ml/yt/
disallow: /ml/mc/
disallow: /ml/nl/
disallow: /ml/ne/
disallow: /ml/ng/
disallow: /ml/nc/
disallow: /ml/pl/
disallow: /ml/pf/
disallow: /ml/cf/
disallow: /ml/do/
disallow: /ml/cz/
disallow: /ml/re/
disallow: /ml/rw/
disallow: /ml/bl/
disallow: /ml/mf/
disallow: /ml/sn/
disallow: /ml/sl/
disallow: /ml/sk/
disallow: /ml/ch/
disallow: /ml/td/
disallow: /ml/tg/
disallow: /ml/tt/
disallow: /ml/vu/
disallow: /ml/wf/
disallow: /mq/ad/
disallow: /mq/at/
disallow: /mq/bj/
disallow: /mq/bf/
disallow: /mq/bi/
disallow: /mq/cm/
disallow: /mq/cv/
disallow: /mq/km/
disallow: /mq/cd/
disallow: /mq/cg/
disallow: /mq/ci/
disallow: /mq/dj/
disallow: /mq/et/
disallow: /mq/fr/
disallow: /mq/ga/
disallow: /mq/gm/
disallow: /mq/gh/
disallow: /mq/gn/
disallow: /mq/gp/
disallow: /mq/gw/
disallow: /mq/gq/
disallow: /mq/gf/
disallow: /mq/ht/
disallow: /mq/it/
disallow: /mq/mg/
disallow: /mq/ml/
disallow: /mq/mq/
disallow: /mq/mu/
disallow: /mq/mr/
disallow: /mq/yt/
disallow: /mq/mc/
disallow: /mq/nl/
disallow: /mq/ne/
disallow: /mq/ng/
disallow: /mq/nc/
disallow: /mq/pl/
disallow: /mq/pf/
disallow: /mq/cf/
disallow: /mq/do/
disallow: /mq/cz/
disallow: /mq/re/
disallow: /mq/rw/
disallow: /mq/bl/
disallow: /mq/mf/
disallow: /mq/sn/
disallow: /mq/sl/
disallow: /mq/sk/
disallow: /mq/ch/
disallow: /mq/td/
disallow: /mq/tg/
disallow: /mq/tt/
disallow: /mq/vu/
disallow: /mq/wf/
disallow: /mr/ad/
disallow: /mr/at/
disallow: /mr/bj/
disallow: /mr/bf/
disallow: /mr/bi/
disallow: /mr/cm/
disallow: /mr/cv/
disallow: /mr/km/
disallow: /mr/cd/
disallow: /mr/cg/
disallow: /mr/ci/
disallow: /mr/dj/
disallow: /mr/et/
disallow: /mr/fr/
disallow: /mr/ga/
disallow: /mr/gm/
disallow: /mr/gh/
disallow: /mr/gn/
disallow: /mr/gp/
disallow: /mr/gw/
disallow: /mr/gq/
disallow: /mr/gf/
disallow: /mr/ht/
disallow: /mr/it/
disallow: /mr/mg/
disallow: /mr/ml/
disallow: /mr/mq/
disallow: /mr/mu/
disallow: /mr/mr/
disallow: /mr/yt/
disallow: /mr/mc/
disallow: /mr/nl/
disallow: /mr/ne/
disallow: /mr/ng/
disallow: /mr/nc/
disallow: /mr/pl/
disallow: /mr/pf/
disallow: /mr/cf/
disallow: /mr/do/
disallow: /mr/cz/
disallow: /mr/re/
disallow: /mr/rw/
disallow: /mr/bl/
disallow: /mr/mf/
disallow: /mr/sn/
disallow: /mr/sl/
disallow: /mr/sk/
disallow: /mr/ch/
disallow: /mr/td/
disallow: /mr/tg/
disallow: /mr/tt/
disallow: /mr/vu/
disallow: /mr/wf/
disallow: /mu/ad/
disallow: /mu/at/
disallow: /mu/bj/
disallow: /mu/bf/
disallow: /mu/bi/
disallow: /mu/cm/
disallow: /mu/cv/
disallow: /mu/km/
disallow: /mu/cd/
disallow: /mu/cg/
disallow: /mu/ci/
disallow: /mu/dj/
disallow: /mu/et/
disallow: /mu/fr/
disallow: /mu/ga/
disallow: /mu/gm/
disallow: /mu/gh/
disallow: /mu/gn/
disallow: /mu/gp/
disallow: /mu/gw/
disallow: /mu/gq/
disallow: /mu/gf/
disallow: /mu/ht/
disallow: /mu/it/
disallow: /mu/mg/
disallow: /mu/ml/
disallow: /mu/mq/
disallow: /mu/mu/
disallow: /mu/mr/
disallow: /mu/yt/
disallow: /mu/mc/
disallow: /mu/nl/
disallow: /mu/ne/
disallow: /mu/ng/
disallow: /mu/nc/
disallow: /mu/pl/
disallow: /mu/pf/
disallow: /mu/cf/
disallow: /mu/do/
disallow: /mu/cz/
disallow: /mu/re/
disallow: /mu/rw/
disallow: /mu/bl/
disallow: /mu/mf/
disallow: /mu/sn/
disallow: /mu/sl/
disallow: /mu/sk/
disallow: /mu/ch/
disallow: /mu/td/
disallow: /mu/tg/
disallow: /mu/tt/
disallow: /mu/vu/
disallow: /mu/wf/
disallow: /nc/ad/
disallow: /nc/at/
disallow: /nc/bj/
disallow: /nc/bf/
disallow: /nc/bi/
disallow: /nc/cm/
disallow: /nc/cv/
disallow: /nc/km/
disallow: /nc/cd/
disallow: /nc/cg/
disallow: /nc/ci/
disallow: /nc/dj/
disallow: /nc/et/
disallow: /nc/fr/
disallow: /nc/ga/
disallow: /nc/gm/
disallow: /nc/gh/
disallow: /nc/gn/
disallow: /nc/gp/
disallow: /nc/gw/
disallow: /nc/gq/
disallow: /nc/gf/
disallow: /nc/ht/
disallow: /nc/it/
disallow: /nc/mg/
disallow: /nc/ml/
disallow: /nc/mq/
disallow: /nc/mu/
disallow: /nc/mr/
disallow: /nc/yt/
disallow: /nc/mc/
disallow: /nc/nl/
disallow: /nc/ne/
disallow: /nc/ng/
disallow: /nc/nc/
disallow: /nc/pl/
disallow: /nc/pf/
disallow: /nc/cf/
disallow: /nc/do/
disallow: /nc/cz/
disallow: /nc/re/
disallow: /nc/rw/
disallow: /nc/bl/
disallow: /nc/mf/
disallow: /nc/sn/
disallow: /nc/sl/
disallow: /nc/sk/
disallow: /nc/ch/
disallow: /nc/td/
disallow: /nc/tg/
disallow: /nc/tt/
disallow: /nc/vu/
disallow: /nc/wf/
disallow: /ne/ad/
disallow: /ne/at/
disallow: /ne/bj/
disallow: /ne/bf/
disallow: /ne/bi/
disallow: /ne/cm/
disallow: /ne/cv/
disallow: /ne/km/
disallow: /ne/cd/
disallow: /ne/cg/
disallow: /ne/ci/
disallow: /ne/dj/
disallow: /ne/et/
disallow: /ne/fr/
disallow: /ne/ga/
disallow: /ne/gm/
disallow: /ne/gh/
disallow: /ne/gn/
disallow: /ne/gp/
disallow: /ne/gw/
disallow: /ne/gq/
disallow: /ne/gf/
disallow: /ne/ht/
disallow: /ne/it/
disallow: /ne/mg/
disallow: /ne/ml/
disallow: /ne/mq/
disallow: /ne/mu/
disallow: /ne/mr/
disallow: /ne/yt/
disallow: /ne/mc/
disallow: /ne/nl/
disallow: /ne/ne/
disallow: /ne/ng/
disallow: /ne/nc/
disallow: /ne/pl/
disallow: /ne/pf/
disallow: /ne/cf/
disallow: /ne/do/
disallow: /ne/cz/
disallow: /ne/re/
disallow: /ne/rw/
disallow: /ne/bl/
disallow: /ne/mf/
disallow: /ne/sn/
disallow: /ne/sl/
disallow: /ne/sk/
disallow: /ne/ch/
disallow: /ne/td/
disallow: /ne/tg/
disallow: /ne/tt/
disallow: /ne/vu/
disallow: /ne/wf/
disallow: /pf/ad/
disallow: /pf/at/
disallow: /pf/bj/
disallow: /pf/bf/
disallow: /pf/bi/
disallow: /pf/cm/
disallow: /pf/cv/
disallow: /pf/km/
disallow: /pf/cd/
disallow: /pf/cg/
disallow: /pf/ci/
disallow: /pf/dj/
disallow: /pf/et/
disallow: /pf/fr/
disallow: /pf/ga/
disallow: /pf/gm/
disallow: /pf/gh/
disallow: /pf/gn/
disallow: /pf/gp/
disallow: /pf/gw/
disallow: /pf/gq/
disallow: /pf/gf/
disallow: /pf/ht/
disallow: /pf/it/
disallow: /pf/mg/
disallow: /pf/ml/
disallow: /pf/mq/
disallow: /pf/mu/
disallow: /pf/mr/
disallow: /pf/yt/
disallow: /pf/mc/
disallow: /pf/nl/
disallow: /pf/ne/
disallow: /pf/ng/
disallow: /pf/nc/
disallow: /pf/pl/
disallow: /pf/pf/
disallow: /pf/cf/
disallow: /pf/do/
disallow: /pf/cz/
disallow: /pf/re/
disallow: /pf/rw/
disallow: /pf/bl/
disallow: /pf/mf/
disallow: /pf/sn/
disallow: /pf/sl/
disallow: /pf/sk/
disallow: /pf/ch/
disallow: /pf/td/
disallow: /pf/tg/
disallow: /pf/tt/
disallow: /pf/vu/
disallow: /pf/wf/
disallow: /pl/ad/
disallow: /pl/at/
disallow: /pl/bj/
disallow: /pl/bf/
disallow: /pl/bi/
disallow: /pl/cm/
disallow: /pl/cv/
disallow: /pl/km/
disallow: /pl/cd/
disallow: /pl/cg/
disallow: /pl/ci/
disallow: /pl/dj/
disallow: /pl/et/
disallow: /pl/fr/
disallow: /pl/ga/
disallow: /pl/gm/
disallow: /pl/gh/
disallow: /pl/gn/
disallow: /pl/gp/
disallow: /pl/gw/
disallow: /pl/gq/
disallow: /pl/gf/
disallow: /pl/ht/
disallow: /pl/it/
disallow: /pl/mg/
disallow: /pl/ml/
disallow: /pl/mq/
disallow: /pl/mu/
disallow: /pl/mr/
disallow: /pl/yt/
disallow: /pl/mc/
disallow: /pl/nl/
disallow: /pl/ne/
disallow: /pl/ng/
disallow: /pl/nc/
disallow: /pl/pl/
disallow: /pl/pf/
disallow: /pl/cf/
disallow: /pl/do/
disallow: /pl/cz/
disallow: /pl/re/
disallow: /pl/rw/
disallow: /pl/bl/
disallow: /pl/mf/
disallow: /pl/sn/
disallow: /pl/sl/
disallow: /pl/sk/
disallow: /pl/ch/
disallow: /pl/td/
disallow: /pl/tg/
disallow: /pl/tt/
disallow: /pl/vu/
disallow: /pl/wf/
disallow: /re/ad/
disallow: /re/at/
disallow: /re/bj/
disallow: /re/bf/
disallow: /re/bi/
disallow: /re/cm/
disallow: /re/cv/
disallow: /re/km/
disallow: /re/cd/
disallow: /re/cg/
disallow: /re/ci/
disallow: /re/dj/
disallow: /re/et/
disallow: /re/fr/
disallow: /re/ga/
disallow: /re/gm/
disallow: /re/gh/
disallow: /re/gn/
disallow: /re/gp/
disallow: /re/gw/
disallow: /re/gq/
disallow: /re/gf/
disallow: /re/ht/
disallow: /re/it/
disallow: /re/mg/
disallow: /re/ml/
disallow: /re/mq/
disallow: /re/mu/
disallow: /re/mr/
disallow: /re/yt/
disallow: /re/mc/
disallow: /re/nl/
disallow: /re/ne/
disallow: /re/ng/
disallow: /re/nc/
disallow: /re/pl/
disallow: /re/pf/
disallow: /re/cf/
disallow: /re/do/
disallow: /re/cz/
disallow: /re/re/
disallow: /re/rw/
disallow: /re/bl/
disallow: /re/mf/
disallow: /re/sn/
disallow: /re/sl/
disallow: /re/sk/
disallow: /re/ch/
disallow: /re/td/
disallow: /re/tg/
disallow: /re/tt/
disallow: /re/vu/
disallow: /re/wf/
disallow: /rw/ad/
disallow: /rw/at/
disallow: /rw/bj/
disallow: /rw/bf/
disallow: /rw/bi/
disallow: /rw/cm/
disallow: /rw/cv/
disallow: /rw/km/
disallow: /rw/cd/
disallow: /rw/cg/
disallow: /rw/ci/
disallow: /rw/dj/
disallow: /rw/et/
disallow: /rw/fr/
disallow: /rw/ga/
disallow: /rw/gm/
disallow: /rw/gh/
disallow: /rw/gn/
disallow: /rw/gp/
disallow: /rw/gw/
disallow: /rw/gq/
disallow: /rw/gf/
disallow: /rw/ht/
disallow: /rw/it/
disallow: /rw/mg/
disallow: /rw/ml/
disallow: /rw/mq/
disallow: /rw/mu/
disallow: /rw/mr/
disallow: /rw/yt/
disallow: /rw/mc/
disallow: /rw/nl/
disallow: /rw/ne/
disallow: /rw/ng/
disallow: /rw/nc/
disallow: /rw/pl/
disallow: /rw/pf/
disallow: /rw/cf/
disallow: /rw/do/
disallow: /rw/cz/
disallow: /rw/re/
disallow: /rw/rw/
disallow: /rw/bl/
disallow: /rw/mf/
disallow: /rw/sn/
disallow: /rw/sl/
disallow: /rw/sk/
disallow: /rw/ch/
disallow: /rw/td/
disallow: /rw/tg/
disallow: /rw/tt/
disallow: /rw/vu/
disallow: /rw/wf/
disallow: /sl/ad/
disallow: /sl/at/
disallow: /sl/bj/
disallow: /sl/bf/
disallow: /sl/bi/
disallow: /sl/cm/
disallow: /sl/cv/
disallow: /sl/km/
disallow: /sl/cd/
disallow: /sl/cg/
disallow: /sl/ci/
disallow: /sl/dj/
disallow: /sl/et/
disallow: /sl/fr/
disallow: /sl/ga/
disallow: /sl/gm/
disallow: /sl/gh/
disallow: /sl/gn/
disallow: /sl/gp/
disallow: /sl/gw/
disallow: /sl/gq/
disallow: /sl/gf/
disallow: /sl/ht/
disallow: /sl/it/
disallow: /sl/mg/
disallow: /sl/ml/
disallow: /sl/mq/
disallow: /sl/mu/
disallow: /sl/mr/
disallow: /sl/yt/
disallow: /sl/mc/
disallow: /sl/nl/
disallow: /sl/ne/
disallow: /sl/ng/
disallow: /sl/nc/
disallow: /sl/pl/
disallow: /sl/pf/
disallow: /sl/cf/
disallow: /sl/do/
disallow: /sl/cz/
disallow: /sl/re/
disallow: /sl/rw/
disallow: /sl/bl/
disallow: /sl/mf/
disallow: /sl/sn/
disallow: /sl/sl/
disallow: /sl/sk/
disallow: /sl/ch/
disallow: /sl/td/
disallow: /sl/tg/
disallow: /sl/tt/
disallow: /sl/vu/
disallow: /sl/wf/
disallow: /sn/ad/
disallow: /sn/at/
disallow: /sn/bj/
disallow: /sn/bf/
disallow: /sn/bi/
disallow: /sn/cm/
disallow: /sn/cv/
disallow: /sn/km/
disallow: /sn/cd/
disallow: /sn/cg/
disallow: /sn/ci/
disallow: /sn/dj/
disallow: /sn/et/
disallow: /sn/fr/
disallow: /sn/ga/
disallow: /sn/gm/
disallow: /sn/gh/
disallow: /sn/gn/
disallow: /sn/gp/
disallow: /sn/gw/
disallow: /sn/gq/
disallow: /sn/gf/
disallow: /sn/ht/
disallow: /sn/it/
disallow: /sn/mg/
disallow: /sn/ml/
disallow: /sn/mq/
disallow: /sn/mu/
disallow: /sn/mr/
disallow: /sn/yt/
disallow: /sn/mc/
disallow: /sn/nl/
disallow: /sn/ne/
disallow: /sn/ng/
disallow: /sn/nc/
disallow: /sn/pl/
disallow: /sn/pf/
disallow: /sn/cf/
disallow: /sn/do/
disallow: /sn/cz/
disallow: /sn/re/
disallow: /sn/rw/
disallow: /sn/bl/
disallow: /sn/mf/
disallow: /sn/sn/
disallow: /sn/sl/
disallow: /sn/sk/
disallow: /sn/ch/
disallow: /sn/td/
disallow: /sn/tg/
disallow: /sn/tt/
disallow: /sn/vu/
disallow: /sn/wf/
disallow: /td/ad/
disallow: /td/at/
disallow: /td/bj/
disallow: /td/bf/
disallow: /td/bi/
disallow: /td/cm/
disallow: /td/cv/
disallow: /td/km/
disallow: /td/cd/
disallow: /td/cg/
disallow: /td/ci/
disallow: /td/dj/
disallow: /td/et/
disallow: /td/fr/
disallow: /td/ga/
disallow: /td/gm/
disallow: /td/gh/
disallow: /td/gn/
disallow: /td/gp/
disallow: /td/gw/
disallow: /td/gq/
disallow: /td/gf/
disallow: /td/ht/
disallow: /td/it/
disallow: /td/mg/
disallow: /td/ml/
disallow: /td/mq/
disallow: /td/mu/
disallow: /td/mr/
disallow: /td/yt/
disallow: /td/mc/
disallow: /td/nl/
disallow: /td/ne/
disallow: /td/ng/
disallow: /td/nc/
disallow: /td/pl/
disallow: /td/pf/
disallow: /td/cf/
disallow: /td/do/
disallow: /td/cz/
disallow: /td/re/
disallow: /td/rw/
disallow: /td/bl/
disallow: /td/mf/
disallow: /td/sn/
disallow: /td/sl/
disallow: /td/sk/
disallow: /td/ch/
disallow: /td/td/
disallow: /td/tg/
disallow: /td/tt/
disallow: /td/vu/
disallow: /td/wf/
disallow: /tg/ad/
disallow: /tg/at/
disallow: /tg/bj/
disallow: /tg/bf/
disallow: /tg/bi/
disallow: /tg/cm/
disallow: /tg/cv/
disallow: /tg/km/
disallow: /tg/cd/
disallow: /tg/cg/
disallow: /tg/ci/
disallow: /tg/dj/
disallow: /tg/et/
disallow: /tg/fr/
disallow: /tg/ga/
disallow: /tg/gm/
disallow: /tg/gh/
disallow: /tg/gn/
disallow: /tg/gp/
disallow: /tg/gw/
disallow: /tg/gq/
disallow: /tg/gf/
disallow: /tg/ht/
disallow: /tg/it/
disallow: /tg/mg/
disallow: /tg/ml/
disallow: /tg/mq/
disallow: /tg/mu/
disallow: /tg/mr/
disallow: /tg/yt/
disallow: /tg/mc/
disallow: /tg/nl/
disallow: /tg/ne/
disallow: /tg/ng/
disallow: /tg/nc/
disallow: /tg/pl/
disallow: /tg/pf/
disallow: /tg/cf/
disallow: /tg/do/
disallow: /tg/cz/
disallow: /tg/re/
disallow: /tg/rw/
disallow: /tg/bl/
disallow: /tg/mf/
disallow: /tg/sn/
disallow: /tg/sl/
disallow: /tg/sk/
disallow: /tg/ch/
disallow: /tg/td/
disallow: /tg/tg/
disallow: /tg/tt/
disallow: /tg/vu/
disallow: /tg/wf/
disallow: /wf/ad/
disallow: /wf/at/
disallow: /wf/bj/
disallow: /wf/bf/
disallow: /wf/bi/
disallow: /wf/cm/
disallow: /wf/cv/
disallow: /wf/km/
disallow: /wf/cd/
disallow: /wf/cg/
disallow: /wf/ci/
disallow: /wf/dj/
disallow: /wf/et/
disallow: /wf/fr/
disallow: /wf/ga/
disallow: /wf/gm/
disallow: /wf/gh/
disallow: /wf/gn/
disallow: /wf/gp/
disallow: /wf/gw/
disallow: /wf/gq/
disallow: /wf/gf/
disallow: /wf/ht/
disallow: /wf/it/
disallow: /wf/mg/
disallow: /wf/ml/
disallow: /wf/mq/
disallow: /wf/mu/
disallow: /wf/mr/
disallow: /wf/yt/
disallow: /wf/mc/
disallow: /wf/nl/
disallow: /wf/ne/
disallow: /wf/ng/
disallow: /wf/nc/
disallow: /wf/pl/
disallow: /wf/pf/
disallow: /wf/cf/
disallow: /wf/do/
disallow: /wf/cz/
disallow: /wf/re/
disallow: /wf/rw/
disallow: /wf/bl/
disallow: /wf/mf/
disallow: /wf/sn/
disallow: /wf/sl/
disallow: /wf/sk/
disallow: /wf/ch/
disallow: /wf/td/
disallow: /wf/tg/
disallow: /wf/tt/
disallow: /wf/vu/
disallow: /wf/wf/
disallow: /yt/ad/
disallow: /yt/at/
disallow: /yt/bj/
disallow: /yt/bf/
disallow: /yt/bi/
disallow: /yt/cm/
disallow: /yt/cv/
disallow: /yt/km/
disallow: /yt/cd/
disallow: /yt/cg/
disallow: /yt/ci/
disallow: /yt/dj/
disallow: /yt/et/
disallow: /yt/fr/
disallow: /yt/ga/
disallow: /yt/gm/
disallow: /yt/gh/
disallow: /yt/gn/
disallow: /yt/gp/
disallow: /yt/gw/
disallow: /yt/gq/
disallow: /yt/gf/
disallow: /yt/ht/
disallow: /yt/it/
disallow: /yt/mg/
disallow: /yt/ml/
disallow: /yt/mq/
disallow: /yt/mu/
disallow: /yt/mr/
disallow: /yt/yt/
disallow: /yt/mc/
disallow: /yt/nl/
disallow: /yt/ne/
disallow: /yt/ng/
disallow: /yt/nc/
disallow: /yt/pl/
disallow: /yt/pf/
disallow: /yt/cf/
disallow: /yt/do/
disallow: /yt/cz/
disallow: /yt/re/
disallow: /yt/rw/
disallow: /yt/bl/
disallow: /yt/mf/
disallow: /yt/sn/
disallow: /yt/sl/
disallow: /yt/sk/
disallow: /yt/ch/
disallow: /yt/td/
disallow: /yt/tg/
disallow: /yt/tt/
disallow: /yt/vu/
disallow: /yt/wf/

# disable stars indexation for all zones
disallow: /personne/*
disallow: /*/personne/*
disallow: /pl/osoba/

allow: /personne/kylian-mbappe
allow: /personne/erling-haaland
allow: /personne/mohamed-salah
allow: /personne/antoine-griezmann
allow: /personne/ousmane-dembele
allow: /personne/de-bruyne
allow: /personne/harry-kane
allow: /personne/vinicius
allow: /personne/bukayo-saka
allow: /personne/lamine-yamal
allow: /personne/jude-bellingham
allow: /personne/bradley-barcola
allow: /personne/martin-odegaard
allow: /personne/marquinhos
allow: /personne/william-saliba
allow: /personne/phil-foden
allow: /personne/robert-lewandowski
allow: /personne/jamal-musiala

# google search
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/sitemaps.xml
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/bf/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/bi/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/bj/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/bl/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/cd/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/cf/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/cg/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/ch/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/ci/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/cm/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/cv/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/dj/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/fr/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/ga/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/gf/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/gh/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/gm/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/gn/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/gp/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/gq/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/gw/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/mf/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/mg/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/ml/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/mq/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/mr/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/mu/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/nc/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/ne/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/pf/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/pl/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/re/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/rw/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/sl/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/sn/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/td/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/tg/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/wf/sitemaps-h/
sitemap: https://www.canalplus.com/yt/sitemaps-h/

user-agent: amazonbot
user-agent: anthropic-ai
user-agent: applebot
user-agent: awariorssbot
user-agent: awariosmartbot
user-agent: bytespider
user-agent: ccbot
user-agent: chatgpt-user
user-agent: claudebot
user-agent: claude-web
user-agent: cohere-ai
user-agent: dataforseobot
user-agent: diffbot
user-agent: facebookbot
user-agent: friendlycrawler
user-agent: google-extended
user-agent: googleother
user-agent: gptbot
user-agent: img2dataset
user-agent: imagesiftbot
user-agent: magpie-crawler
user-agent: meltwater
user-agent: omgili
user-agent: omgilibot
user-agent: peer39_crawler
user-agent: peer39_crawler/1.0
user-agent: perplexitybot
user-agent: piplbot
user-agent: scoop.it
user-agent: seekr
user-agent: youbot
disallow: /